---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "pfsense_dnsresolver_general Data Source - terraform-provider-pfsense"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Retrieves the DNS resolver (Unbound) https://docs.netgate.com/pfsense/en/latest/services/dns/resolver.html general settings configuration.
---

# pfsense_dnsresolver_general (Data Source)

Retrieves the [DNS resolver (Unbound)](https://docs.netgate.com/pfsense/en/latest/services/dns/resolver.html) general settings configuration.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Read-Only

- `active_interfaces` (List of String) Network interfaces to listen on. Use `all` to listen on all interfaces.
- `custom_options` (String) Custom Unbound configuration options.
- `dnssec` (Boolean) Enable DNSSEC support. Defaults to 'false'.
- `enable` (Boolean) Enable the DNS resolver. Defaults to 'true'.
- `enable_ssl` (Boolean) Enable SSL/TLS service. Defaults to 'false'.
- `forward_tls_upstream` (Boolean) Use SSL/TLS for DNS query forwarding to upstream servers. Defaults to 'false'.
- `forwarding` (Boolean) Enable DNS query forwarding to upstream servers. Defaults to 'false'.
- `outgoing_interfaces` (List of String) Network interfaces to use for outgoing queries. Use `all` to use all interfaces.
- `port` (Number) Listen port number. Defaults to '53'.
- `python` (Boolean) Enable Python module. Defaults to 'false'.
- `python_order` (String) Python module order.
- `python_script` (String) Python module script path.
- `register_dhcp_leases` (Boolean) Register DHCP leases in the DNS resolver. Defaults to 'false'.
- `register_dhcp_static_maps` (Boolean) Register DHCP static mappings in the DNS resolver. Defaults to 'false'.
- `register_openvpn_clients` (Boolean) Register connected OpenVPN clients in the DNS resolver. Defaults to 'false'.
- `ssl_cert_ref` (String) SSL/TLS certificate reference ID.
- `strict_outgoing_interface` (Boolean) Strictly bind outgoing queries to the configured outgoing network interfaces. Defaults to 'false'.
- `system_domain_local_zone_type` (String) Local zone type for the system domain. Options: `transparent`, `always_transparent`, `typetransparent`, `redirect`, `inform`, `inform_deny`, `inform_redirect`, `always_refuse`, `always_nxdomain`, `always_deny`, `always_null`, `nodefault`, `deny`, `refuse`, `static`. Defaults to `transparent`.
- `tls_port` (Number) SSL/TLS listen port number. Defaults to '853'.
